update contributing.md (#1317)
github/docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Labels
Labels can help you find an issue you'd like to help with.

> - The [`help wanted` label](https://github.com/github/docs/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Ahelp-wanted) is for problems or updates anyone in the community can start working on.

Author: ```suggestion
- The [`help wanted` label](https://github.com/github/docs/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Ahelp-wanted) is for problems or updates that anyone in the community can start working on.
```

> - The [`help wanted` label](https://github.com/github/docs/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Ahelp-wanted) is for problems or updates that anyone in the community can start working on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`help wanted` label](https://github.com/github/docs/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22help+wanted%22) is for problems or updates that anyone in the community can start working on.
```
Your original link didn't work for me 😞  (Looked for `help-wanted` labels, rather than `help wanted`)

> - The [`good first issue` label](https://github.com/github/docs/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Agood-first-issue) is for problems or updates we think are ideal for beginners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`good first issue` label](https://github.com/github/docs/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) is for problems or updates we think are ideal for beginners.
```

As above!
